you know really MOBA let's get down to
it all right there's a big misconception
that I was mad at you about the whole
han Solo thing but here's a little
secret that guy was a dick he made me do
all the work he paid me minimum wage and
he treated me like a big dog I am a
trained actor i studied at Juilliard
wasted away again on the Death Star I
just want to know is it bad to be
attracted to long creepy fleshy things
and I you know it's really doing
something come to my birthday I mean if
you talk about my mom like that one more
chance we're talking about your mom look
next to you for a second yeah yeah yeah
you know did you guys go through it
seriously see all day all day with this
guy all day Linda I just want to
apologize for the whole choking thing on
Cloud City you know I was stressed out
you know it been a long week you know
let's have bygones be bygones and crew
thing can you give me a hug Oh see now
see that's how we come together right so
seriously how was it falling into a
giant anus in the desert it was only ten
minutes about ten minutes in the anus
all right you know once when I was five
I took a shower with my dad and this
really reminds me of that moment white
apply oh yeah
yeah him so hey quite sure what Eric so
can I score some weed oh if I have some
seriously can you yours Pusha yeah I out
of here I mean seriously will what I
like is the fact that not only are you
an intergalactic gambler you can pilot
the Millennium Falcon yes sir and you
also enjoy a nice colt 45 always every
time
Oh